Move the "Manually Tuning PID" and "Tuning CANrange" pages out of devblog (#263)
CrossTheRoadElec/Phoenix6-Documentation: source/docs/api-reference/device-specific/talonfx/talonfx-control-intro.rst

Introduction to Control Types
=============================

> Phoenix 6 motor controllers have a variety of open-loop and closed-loop control requests, and the TalonFX supports Field Oriented Control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Phoenix 6 motor controllers support a variety of both open loop (no feedback) and closed loop (changing output based on feedback) control requests. Additionally the TalonFX supports Field Oriented Control (FOC) both as an independent control type and as a boolean enable for most of these requests.

.. important:: Field Oriented Control (FOC) requires the device to be :doc:`Pro licensed </docs/licensing/licensing>`.
```
